Do you have a little time
for saving the planet?
No, I don't!
But you have time
to hide in a bush?
It's important to me,
so I make the time.
Pardon me,
do you want clean air?
We're not asking for anything!
Just handing out information!
That's not a risk
I'm willing to take!
Sorry, babe.
I'm sure we can trick somebody
into taking a flyer.
We're not trying
to trick anybody, Jeff.
Really?
All I'm trying to do is
make the world a better place.
Beep! Beep!
Backing up, backing up!
Hey, you don't own the roads!
-Roger?
-Dr. Sunny Sunderson.
If you or anyone you know
is interested in going solar,
fill one of these out
and leave it in that
dead ficus tree on 18th Street.
I won't let the USPS on my property
'cause I don't engage with any business
that produces greenhouse gases.
I use no fossil fuels!
"Dr. Sunny Sunderson's SunSuckers."
Wait, is this one
of your blowjob businesses?
Dr. Sunny Sunderson's SunSuckers
is one of the cleanest
and greenest businesses in the world!
Just loaded up on supplies.
Seaweed sheet?
Wait, Roger, you really own
a solar business?
-Want to come see my shop?
-Might as well.
-What's the address?
-No.
You come with me
or you don't come at all.
-But we have Jeff's van.
-No fossil fuels!
Come on,
move the tricycle, pal!
This is a recumbent bike, buddy.
More like a repugnant bike.
Oh, yeah?
Well, try this on for size.
Yeah, you better run--
Oh, he's not running,
he's getting out.
Everyone on the bike!
Let's go!
Good morning, USA
I got a feelin' that
It's gonna be a wonderful day
The sun in the sky
Has a smile on his face
And he's shinin' a salute
To the American race
Oh, boy, it's swell to say
Good morning, USA
Ah!
Who has
the TV Listings Booklet?
The what?
The booklet in the Sunday paper
that tells you
when every show is on
so you can plan out your week,
decide what days of work to skip.
-They still make that?
-Why do you need it?
I thought you had every channel
and every program memorized.
Because sometimes they change it.
I thought you said
you could anticipate
changes in programming
even before the networks.
That is true, I can do that.
But what's even truer is my love
for antiquated practices
long after they're deemed useless.
Greg, Stan Smith from across the street.
Yes, it has been a good, long while.
I was wondering if you got
your TV Listings Booklet
with your paper today.
Oh, okay.
Oh, really?
He got his today, but he didn't
get his last week.
I think we have on our hands
a TV Listings Booklet thief.
Oh, my God, this is serious!
Whoo-hoo-hoo!
My SunSuckers perform better
than any other solar panel on the market
'cause they don't just capture
the sun, they suck it in.
This is great.
I didn't know you had personas
who cared about the greater good.
Yeah, they care so I don't have to.
Hey, Dale, how's the wife?
She came back!
Are you installing
my final solar panel today?
Hey, I gave you
my six-month guarantee,
and then a couple
of four-month guarantees,
and then my famous
29-month guarantee,
and I finished only three months late.
I came up with the idea for the SunSucker
while scuba diving out in Mollusk Bay.
I almost got my face ripped off
by an octopus.
As it brought me
into its siphon, I thought,
"What if I could do this to the sun?"
And suck it in!
Exactly.
Now I'm gonna use it to turn Langley Falls
completely solar.
That's amazing.
We're good. Everyone's good.
Built it all myself,
everything running
off SunSuckers, of course.
This is a real solar company.
Of course it's real.
Why wouldn't it be real?
It's just always so hard for me
to understand what you can do.
I mean, this looks like
a lifetime's worth of work,
and yet I know yesterday,
you spent the whole day
as taco inspector Feliz Nachodad.
So you do understand.
Now let me show you the beads.
My beautiful beads.
This full tub represents
all the pollution in Langley.
Each bead is 1,000 tons
of carbon dioxide.
I never do anything
to add to this pile.
And every time I install a solar panel,
I move one bead to mark my progress.
That's the fifth unit I've installed
in the last 2 1/2 years.
And I'm not stopping
'til I fill the whole thing.
But it's gonna take you
like 1,000 years to do that.
Okay?
And these are all customers
you don't have time to get to?
I'm going as fast as I can!
Unless you know a better route
to recumbent bike cycle into town,
because that commute alone
takes up 95% of my day.
Yes! We can use Jeff's van.
No fossil fuels!
No, listen, it would just be
in the beginning,
-and in the long run--
-You're trying to trick me.
I will not be tricked again!
I was on the Bell Labs crew that designed
the first commercial
silicon solar cell in 1954.
I had big dreams,
the kind of dreams
I would never share with you.
Like what dreams?
Like a giant needle to the sky
with a SuperDuperSunSucker
on top
that could power an entire town.
Hey, I said I wasn't gonna
share my dreams with you.
Last time somebody promised to help me,
I was tricked into accidentally designing
the F-350 Super Duty truck
for Ford Motor Company.
We're not trying to trick you.
Really?
I work alone now, just like the sun.
But don't you see?
That's why the sun is so sad.
Someday I'll find someone
to share this life with.
Why can't you see me?
The world doesn't have time
to wait for Roger to save it.
If we create a tiny bit of pollution now
to move things along quicker,
his clean energy
could power all of Langley.
Pollution, babe?
Doesn't that betray his whole philosophy?
Oh, so you're a philosopher now?
Well, wrap your big brain around this.
I happen to know an anonymous customer
just gifted Dr. Sunderson
a three-night stay
at the Thermal Spas in Redbluff.
Oh, that's nice.
He'll like that
as long as it's not fossils.
He hates fossils.
He's always like,
"No fossils, fools!"
Goodbye, sweet sunflowers.
I'll be back in nine days.
His dumb bike!
It's a three-day ride each way.
This is it.
This is my opportunity
to save the Earth.
Jeff, move our office into the trailer.
Langley Comcast,
how may I help you?
Yes, I would like phone and Internet
installed at a business I definitely own.
Great! The fact that you say
you definitely own the business
means we can
part with all the paperwork
and send someone there
right away.
Good, because I definitely
own this business.
Good, because that's why
we said we could help you.
Wish I could stay forever,
but that would cut into
my 1,000-year plan to turn
Langley Falls completely solar.
Well, we wouldn't want
to keep you from that.
I feel like you're being
really rude right now.
Is this because of
the multiple accidents
I had in the hot stone room?
I feel like this is undoing
all the relaxation
I've accomplished here.
Now I'm tense like this.
My whole body's in a knot.
Oh! Not my b-hole.
Holly, could you be a dear
and grab a towel?
It's the stone room all over again.
Here's the plan.
This Sunday,
TV Listings Booklet day,
we will be in positions
by 4:30 a.m.
I'll be in the back of the SUV.
We'll have Klaus on lookout
at the end of the block.
Steve, you'll be on Greg's roof
with night-vision goggles.
Does Greg know that?
H-He's a gun owner!
Francine, you'll be
at the living-room window
running supplies from the house.
Stan, I'm gonna be sleeping.
Do you even care to know
what's going on on television?
I use the guide button, Stan.
Well, do you care
about the principle of it?
-No, I do not.
-I care, Stan.
I care about everything
you care about.
What the hell?
My name and likeness
on a gas guzzler?
You're back!
Have you been driving
around town with my face
-all over your dang pollution wagon?
-Wait, Roger--
You're making a fraud out of me!
It's the F-350 Super Duty all over again!
I'm gonna kill myself!
Looks like
your computer crashed.
Now that I'm laughing,
I see there's still something to live for.
Listen, we're not tricking you.
We're helping you. Look!
My beads.
Since you left, we used
less than a bead's worth of fossil fuels.
The bad bin.
And while you were gone,
we installed
eight new SunSuckers.
So many.
Now, isn't that better?
It is better.
Look, we all want the same thing.
A carnitas burrito from La Blahteca?
To save the planet
by getting rid of fossil fuels.
And I believe if we do this,
we can fill that good bin all the way.
Okay, we can use
a little bit of fossil fuels.
Thank you!
Wow.
This is...
really good.
Let the sunshine
Let the sunshine in
The sunshine in
Let the sunshine
Let the sunshine in
The sunshine in
Let the sunshine
-Oh, let it shine
-Let the sunshine in
-Come on
-The sunshine in
Everybody just sing along
Let the sunshine
Because
Dr. Sunderson's SunSuckers
don't just capture the sun,
they suck it in.
So, let us suck you off...
fossil fuels...
And into solar energy!
Tonight, we visit with
Dr. Sunny Sunderson
and his SunSuckers
to find out what they're doing
to eliminate fossil fuels.
And as soon as I had the idea,
the octopus just released me,
and I'm working on new ideas
all the time.
This is a model
of a giant water misting system
that could cool a whole town.
All winter, it sucks in moisture.
Then in the summer,
the fan blows it all out in a cool mist.
The key is this orifice.
Can you guess
where I got the idea?
Uh... cat's butthole?
No! The middle of a starfish.
Oh. And what is this?
That's my life's dream,
and it's almost done.
Come on!
How did I not notice this?
I wanted to build it all the way
to the stratosphere,
but Langley's got
all these dumb ordinances.
Turns out you can't build
anything higher
than the Sharks Nest out of
respect for the Bazooka Sharks.
- 'Zooka Sharks!
- Hell yeah, buddy!
This is our year!
My money's actually on
the Tampa Taserdactyls. They're tough.
Their domestic-violence
record speaks for itself.
Now, Ms. Smith, Dr. Sunderson
was in business for...
years, but it wasn't until
you came on board
that all this happened.
What did you do?
Look, he's the genius.
I just try to keep him organized.
She's being modest.
She taught me that even if it seems like
you're doing something bad,
it's okay as long as it ends up
being more good than bad.
Just got to keep the beads
moving in the right direction.
I'm sorry, what are the beads?
The beads are everything.
I never did learn
what the beads were,
but one thing I did learn,
Dr. Sunderson is
on to something special.
When we come back,
an Amazonian tribe
that's never had contact
with the outside world,
and yet knows every word
to Taylor Swift's
You Need to Calm Down.
Mm, have you guys had
these sour cream and onion
seaweed snacks yet?
I like them.
You can throw 'em way farther.
What's wrong?
Langley Gas & Electric
must've seen us on the show.
They're undercutting us
to put us out of business.
They can't,
we have 30% of the market.
-Had. We already lost half our customers.
-We'll win 'em back.
Langley Gas & Electric
are offering us a lifeline.
They'd raise their prices again
for a minority share
of Dr. Sunderson's SunSuckers.
Never!
Sour cream's got some zip to it.
Steve, you took off
your night-vision goggles.
The sun's coming up!
It's stinging my eyes!
Face it, no one's coming
to steal your precious
TV Listings thing.
I'll wait all day, Stan.
All right, fine.
- Abort mission.
- Yes!
We're on the same page, Stan.
Total abortion.
The thief probably didn't strike
because he spotted Steve
on the roof.
He probably saw you on the corner.
You were checking Instagram
every two minutes.
Oh, Steve, you want
to freakin' "@" me?
But the thief did strike.
We're missing
the TV Listings Booklet.
Oh, you must feel
so stupid now, Steve.
Babe, cheer up.
So big business
crushed the little guy again
and you're not gonna
be able to save the world.
Doesn't mean
it's the end of the world.
I figured it out!
We can save the business
without bowing
to Langley Gas & Electric!
I didn't see this either?
Don't beat yourself up.
There was a Charles Barkley
Fathead here until yesterday.
Whoa, this is the nicest
treehouse I've ever been in.
You do the honors.
What is this?
Push it.
Roger, what have you done?
We've blown up all
the gas stations, power plants,
and oil refineries in Langley.
I called them in first,
so no one got hurt,
but those power plants
are toast.
Now Langley will have no choice
but to use our solar.
I know it looks like
a lot of pollution,
but in the long run, it's
actually better for the Earth,
and you taught me
that's all that matters.
Wow, I didn't anticipate
these fires
when I blew up
those power plants.
At least they're pretty.
Why are they spreading?
They're spreading because
they're burning back to their source,
the Great Eastern Pipeline.
Roger, what happens
if they hit the pipeline?
That's what we energy scientists
call a big kabloomy.
Yep, if it reaches the pipeline,
all of Langley will be gone.
Except the fires.
Those might end up being
seriously eternal flames.
Playing Eternal Flame
by The Bangles.
I said, "Seriously eternal flames,"
not, "Siri, play 'Eternal Flame.'"
Sometimes she's so stupid.
You know what, you know,
I'm not mad, I'm not mad.
-I like this song.
-Roger!
How long do we have before
the fire hits the pipeline?
Long enough to listen to this
song without being yelled at.
We can't let the town burn!
Because the town
is where we live!
Do you feel the same
I hate to harp on this,
but in the end,
this will help our company.
We're the only game in town.
Is this burning
The smoke's blocking the sun!
That's no good.
The sun's like our number-one
source of solar energy.
Let's just think.
How can we put out those fires?
Okay, time to put every last bit
of my mental energy
into saving the--
Oh, my God, I love this part.
Say my name
Sun shines through the rain
A whole life
End of days is here again, bitches!
What is happening?
Attention viewers,
the world is ending!
I'm reporting news like this
because there is no TV anymore.
No TV?
But what about the TV Listings
Booklets every Sunday?
Kiss 'em goodbye, baby!
No!
Maybe if I just
start saying words,
something will click.
Yodel.
Marble.
-Chartreuse.
-Stop.
Face it, this is
a giant disaster.
Giant!
That's it!
My giant misters!
They've been storing moisture
all winter.
They can blow out the fires!
But all you have is a model.
But what do you think
the model was based on?
The real thing.
Man, I'm missing everything.
It's hooked up to
my SuperDuperSunSucker.
-We just need to power it up.
-But the sunlight isn't hitting it.
Oh, no?
Well, don't tell Sheri
at city planning,
but I built this tower
with a telescoping shaft.
But how are you gonna get
the solar panel
above the clouds
with no electricity?
With good old-fashioned
leg-tricity.
This is crazy high!
Jeff, activate the misters.
It's working!
What the hell?
Something's stuck on the spire!
Holy cow!
It was a Telemundo satellite!
I was practically raised
on Sabado Gigante.
Telemundo rules,
Univision drools!
The satellite
is blocking the sun
from hitting
the SuperDuperSunSucker!
Maybe if we move
the SuperDuperSunSucker.
Roger, stop!
But this is all my fault.
No.
I did this.
You were helping the Earth.
It wasn't much,
but it was something.
And then I came along and tried
to make a big difference,
and now all of Langley
is burning to the ground.
You're optimistic enough
to try to do big things.
That's not a problem.
-I'm the one with the problem.
-What's that?
I'm loco, ese.
The sun!
We're back in business!
Roger!
It's okay, sun's hitting it.
We're good, everyone's good.
It's working!
The misters are extinguishing
the fires!
I guess I could've just thrown this.
So you guys didn't even get in trouble
for all the damage you did?
Oh, no, Langley Gas & Electric
totally bailed us out.
I just had to give them
my character's science stuff.
I had fun saving the world.
Jeff, we didn't save the world.
We realized a vision of what the world
could be and squandered it.
If anything, we set clean energy
back decades.
Well, I had fun.
Hey, we didn't get any closure
on who was stealing
our TV Listings Booklets.
Ugh, I'm so over that.
You know, honestly,
I'm just happy everyone's safe.
Well, I'm gonna go take a dump.
You sly little devil.
That's right.
It was your boy Stan
the whole time.
I've been stealing these
from myself
and my neighbors for years.
Why?
The better question is...
who?
Who am I talking to right now?
What is happening?
Bye! Have a beautiful time!